Fixes #2212 Adding a README for our add-permissions drush command (#2226)
az-digital/az_quickstart: modules/custom/az_core/src/Commands/README.md

# AZ Core Config Commands

A Drupal module that provides custom Drush commands for managing the configuration of the AZ Quickstart profile. The module adds missing permissions from the AZ Quickstart profile to the active site.

## Requirements
- Drupal 8 or 9
- Drush

## Installation
- Install the module as you would normally install any Drupal module.
- Enable the module using the Drupal administration interface or Drush.
- After installation, you can access the custom Drush commands provided by this module.

## Usage
This module provides the following Drush command:

> `drush az-core-config-add-permissions`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`drush az-core-config-add-permissions -y` 
```

> This command will add missing installation profile permissions to the active site.

Author: ```suggestion
This command will add missing installation profile permissions to the active site.

You can optionally add the -y flag to accept adding all missing distribution permissions.
```

# AZ Core Config Commands

> A Drupal module that provides custom Drush commands for managing the configuration of the AZ Quickstart profile. The module adds missing permissions from the AZ Quickstart profile to the active site.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
AZ Core provides custom Drush commands for managing the configuration of AZ Quickstart websites.
```

## Requirements

> - Drupal 8 or 9

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Drupal 9 or 10
```

- Drush

## Installation
- Install the module as you would normally install any Drupal module.
- Enable the module using the Drupal administration interface or Drush.

> - After installation, you can access the custom Drush commands provided by this module.

Reviewer: Actually, this part is likely not correct, since az_core is for az_quickstart, and not meant for generic usage.

Author: Assuming that az_core is a dependency of az_quickstart and enabled by default, I could update this to say:

```suggestion
## Installation
This module is automatically included in the az_quickstart install profile and enabled by default. This custom Drush command will work on any installed Quickstart 2 website.
```
